on
the
Dr
on
the
Hello I am something in the
I want to introduce them to Yamaha Russia today
the operation is reversed unit 61 is very simple
all controls are located on the left side of the instrument and it
is a combined control of control buttons
and keyboard
means male wants to choose a different sound
ten pieces are available
really old wait on the piano Wolfen
and Bella on Dr piano tour here speak button for him fit around
for example, an e-piano here
another example
a harpsichord
there is still another house available
about the functional costs here I can also change that with Bruno
So with UN Homme's name, press Hertha can choose to enter tempo
All in combination again from the store grow on the left side
Keyboard of the instrument
to get a better look how it works
Yamaha delivers a small one
if you have people ready
where first all important function are mapped which function season
which class is assigned to the keyboard
It can be seen which pet have effects Hall programs
be switched on and off
stronger neck and so on
and yes that makes the operation in five steps are very clear to you
just has no annoying elements
just to be confused it is mistaken Spartan
it has to be
comes in the core is finally contrary to the not always Tasci is so well versed
so
very easily
in handling
more
dollar
the case is not occupied the 61
is kept simple but still elegant
info today in heaven shut up
and to protect the natural and operating elements from dust
easy to pull forward or sink into the housing
I do not even have a keyboard from Ileana Grabitz
it means simulated so I have just a wing so a good one
game
integrated into the housing are pronounced from the speakers Uwe lenses so
see
what the sound quality at least to a given 61
adequately supported
should they still have questions about this instrument
Of course you are welcome to come here in the country to come over the seller
But also my colleagues in Tbilisi
The End
there
the pension amount percent more popular one
he